today is mar 20

Bad Bunny, Reggaeton
Los Corridos
Mexican Cumbia, Columbian Cumbia
Bolados


David Ogilvy - believed that it was neccesary to show PR's friendlyest face

youtu.be/b5SSrc2_iAk


this is the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico
a land of song and laughter tiny bit of
the United States in the warm seas of
the Atlantic and the Caribbean San Juan
capital of the island was an important
city a hundred years before the Pilgrims
landed at Plymouth Rock today it is the
air crossroads of the Western Hemisphere

0:55

[Music]


walk down any Street in this 400 year 
old city you'll hear staccato Spanish to
see Spanish sign every square block
presents a sharp contrast between old
Spain and Main Street USA Columbus
discovered Puerto Rico in 1493 

this is
la Fortaleza Puerto Rico's white house
built in 1533 as the Spanish fortress
today the flag of the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico waves proudly beside Old
Glory governor Luis Munoz Marine who
spearheaded Puerto Rico's world-famous
operation bootstrap lead ceremonies
marking the islands new status as a
Commonwealth with its own constitution

heroes of Korea some of the 5000 fighter
Rican troops who served valiantly with
United Nations forces
complete staff government was approved
by the US Congress and Union by consent
the United States was overwhelmingly
voted by the people of Puerto Rico
American citizens all the days when Rico
has come into its own a real democracy

2:16

[Music]

2:20

San Juans loveliest ago on these floats

2:24

which symbolized Puerto Rico's project

2:26

[Music]

2:27

[Applause]

2:28

[Music]

2:37

if you're in a hurry I applying

2:39

constellations get you to San Juan in

2:42

about six hours from New York or four

2:44

hours from Miami

2:45

no fair tourist flights are available to

2:48

land right in the heart of San Juan only

2:51

a few minutes away from the hotels we

2:53

meet there are no customs barriers US

2:56

dollar or dime is standard hearth

3:02

more than half a million passengers each

3:04

year go through this air terminal

3:09

they call this San Juans Gold Coast's

3:12

the center of its resort hotels casinos

3:15

of nightlife here is the condado beach

3:17

hotel with its private oceanfront beach

3:20

club

3:22

it's a vacation paradise twelve months

3:25

of the year breathtakingly beautiful a

3:33

gem in the tropics the fabulous Caribe

3:36

Hilton Hotel even the approaches are

3:40

modern every room is air-conditioned

3:42

here it truly is living fit for a king a

3:45

hotel bathed in sunshine and splendor

3:48

with its private bathing lagoon swimming

3:50

pool and elaborate recreational

3:52

facilities

3:53

[Music]

3:57

but I oh my the old swimmin hole never

4:00

had anything on this tropical treats -

4:05

hmm

4:06

coconut milk that delicious Puerto Rican

4:09

rum this is really living nearby is

4:13

Spanish built fort san jeronimo San

4:16

Juans newest is the la raza Hotel let's

4:21

listen to unique Caribbean music from

4:23

Antigua melody out of sawed-off steel

4:26

drums an oil drums serenade

4:29

[Music]

4:50

[Music]

4:57

[Music]

5:01

here our headquarters for big-game

5:03

sports fishing many world-record catches

5:06

have been made in virgin fishing waters

5:08

here most popular historical attraction

5:15

in San Juan is El Morro is the largest

5:18

Spanish fort on American soil more than

5:21

30 thousand tourists visited each year

5:23

French Dutch and British Buccaneers ride

5:26

Bailey to capture it

5:28

[Music]

5:31

400 years ago people were dependent upon

5:33

this port for protection the Spanish

5:36

built it to guard against sea Raiders

5:38

and in the last war it was armed against

5:40

submarine attacks

5:43

Gold in 1/4 well seeing is believing the

5:48

El Morro chorus is one of the sportiest

5:50

on the island baseball is injustice

5:55

sport here it's a crusade mainland big

5:59

leaguers play with professional Puerto

6:00

Rican team during the winter season

6:03

[Music]

6:07

broad avenues in San Juan lead to

6:10

residential districts where houses

6:12

resemble those in Florida California or

6:15

Texas

6:21

while Rican architects designed all

6:24

these homes or real comfortable living

6:29

everybody grows and loves flowers in

6:32

Puerto Rico these are red ginger

6:36

blossoms forms for everybody

6:40

housing gets top priority in Puerto

6:42

Rico's booming economy many low rental

6:46

public housing apartments are springing

6:48

up throughout the island let's take a

6:55

trip over modern concrete highways into

6:58

the country

7:05

well am I dreaming it sure looks like

7:08

someone turned back the clock a hundred

7:10

years it's the revival of an old coconut

7:13

mask festival let Louisa

7:15

just 45 minutes from San Juan and how'd

7:20

you like to see this the morning after

7:21

[Music]

7:27

much of Puerto Rico's charm lies in her

7:30

agriculture in the warm uplands near

7:33

manatees are extensive pineapple

7:36

plantation say this is easier than

7:40

opening a can of pineapple you can see

7:44

harvests like this everywhere in the

7:46

pina country just stop your car and

7:48

watch young ya Juicy's spanish red

7:54

pineapple is the sweetest of all

8:00

exotic fruits of the profits that big

8:03

red one is the poppy no Angola

8:06

[Music]

8:07

robes of bamboo like regal ostrich

8:11

plumes docked the island

8:13

sugarcane backbone of the island's

8:15

economy

8:16

it grows everywhere it brings in around

8:18

a hundred and fifty million dollars

8:20

annually over a million tons each year

8:23

are shipped to stateside markets the

8:28

harvest season is from January to June a

8:30

site that tourists never forget third

8:39

largest city on the island is Maya Quinn

8:42

a typical Spanish colonial community of

8:45

60,000 people

8:51

thirty miles away is San Herman Puerto

8:56

Rico as you can see is small averaging

8:58

35 miles wide and 100 miles long Diego

9:05

Colo brother

9:06

Columbus be Discoverer named San Herman

9:09

in honor of King Ferdinand's wife here

9:14

is POTUS le built four centuries ago by

9:17

Dominican monks la barquera

9:22

is on the south coast of Puerto Rico on

9:24

the Caribbean Spanish conquistadores

9:27

planted many of these shade trees

9:29

covering the roads to make their journey

9:31

on horseback cool and comfortable

9:36

[Music]

9:43

fishing is the main attraction at la

9:46

pagina the air life is simple and

9:48

unhurried one of the most amazing

9:51

tourist attractions in all puerto rico

9:53

is the phosphorescent bay here in par

9:56

guerra at night a trail of white light

9:59

follows the wake of your boat a sight

10:01

you will never forget but if you want

10:19

contrast you'll find it here in Ponce a

10:21

here's the city seen from a hill as in

10:25

traditional Spanish colonial cities Juan

10:28

say started with its Cathedral and Plaza

10:30

[Music]

10:32

it's the second largest city in Puerto

10:35

Rico the proud stronghold of old customs

10:38

and culture and it retains much of the

10:40

charm lost to progress in other parts of

10:43

the world

10:43

once a was named for Juan Ponce a de

10:46

Lyonne seeker of the Fountain of Youth

10:48

and Puerto Rico's first governor Ponce's

10:53

Fire Department is both original and

10:55

strictly traditional

10:58

if members are volunteers but ready at

11:02

the sound of the Bell for anything there

11:06

they go in a blaze of colors

11:08

it could be a fire but it's only right

11:13

[Music]

11:18

where are away from ponse across the

11:21

mountains from the Caribbean Sea to the

11:23

Atlantic Ocean this is one of the most

11:25

spectacular trips anywhere on the island

11:27

and takes just a few hours

11:29

[Music]

11:34

it's really chilly up here in the

11:36

evenings this part of Puerto Rico is

11:40

today the same as when it was discovered

11:42

by the Spanish bananas to grow wild in

11:45

the yunkai forest until you've eaten one

11:48

ripened on the plan you've never really

11:50

tasted bananas near the summit is a

11:55

recreation area and a swimming pool the

11:58

water couldn't be pure down the mountain

12:04

we go to Allah keep your Beach near the

12:06

base of their junkie you're there in

12:09

about half an hour one upbeat and say it

12:15

looks like we're in time for a fiesta a

12:17

big one yes it's a pig roast or late

12:22

Janardan typically Puerto Rican and with

12:25

all the fixings coconut milk is always a

12:31

popular drink cool and refreshing the

12:38

enchilada is just about as old as the

12:41

history of Puerto Rico it happens every

12:43

day on the island in every village and

12:45

in the cities - they say they even

12:47

roasted the squeal and it takes hours to

12:50

prepare even by an expert

12:52

[Music]

12:59

and I mean it

13:02

[Music]

13:06

the Sun shines every day in Puerto Rico

13:09

there's good food and good company under

13:12

a blue sky well it all adds up to the

13:15

kind of vacation you'll never want win

13:17

[Music]

13:36

floor dancers perform the Bamba rhythmic

13:40

drum music rings in your ears long after

13:43

you've left the island well folks we're

14:20

on our way home the magic of viesta

14:22

island will haunt you long after you've

14:24

passed El Morro

14:26

someday you'll return nobody here says

14:28

goodbye only on still awake

14:40

[Music]

14:52

you